What does a guy you don't want.
So make sure that you have to user accounts here.
If I just go to all users right now and you can see that this guy is bound to I'm just going to non-spam
this is not spam and make sure that you have to use your accounts so that you can manage everything.
I'm going to open up the Internet Explorer and then I'm going to open up as a complete double B course
dot com.
Ok complete Lupi course dot com so that I can just interact with each other here and I can just work
with it.
OK so first of all we're going to overview all the things that we have in the forum.
Okay.
And then I'm going to tell you what are the topics and then the reply.
So for him is basically the main part.
The topic is that comes under the forum and the replies are like that the people who reply.
Ok so this is what we call.
Now let me just come here and I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to register.
I'm just gonna log in.
So back OK.
The password should be.
Let's log in.
OK I am logged in you can see I'm here.
I was just bam.
And now I'm logged in.
So you can see this is totally up and running.
What I'm going to do right now I am just going to go ahead and let's just for everything.
So you can see that if I just go to all forums right here you can see in here we have the recipes and
it says please tell me that your recipe.
OK.
This is the forum that I have created so you can see that if you run something then you can create a
recipe for him.
OK you can even trash it if you want to then and it'll be trashed.
So let's suppose that I run a school OK and I want to create an L.A. based website like learning management
system where people can just interact with each other using that for.
OK so let's suppose that I want to do that so now I'm going to hit New for him.
And then here I just want to go ahead and I want to just create like students forum or something like
that or I can just create
Yes just go with the students so and the students here the people can just move on.
In this it is specifically for students for him like the students can interact with each other and then
they can just manage everything.
OK so I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish.
So this in this forum.
OK.
I want to create a new more for him.
And that will be the Piran for him of the students so let me show you what what I mean exactly.
Here would be the English.
OK.
And this English is the parent off the students so this means that students can interact with English
in here.
OK what I'm going to do right now I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit this publish right
now so you can see the link could be changed to form slash form slash student slash English.
What I mean exactly.
Let me show you.
OK if I just come here then I can see how this is looking so you can see in the students we have a new
form and it say's English.
So this is the form dad is that has another for him.
So students can just come into English and then they can ask some questions like this is the topic this
is the subject that we have.
So so any and any students can just ask anything.
OK I'm just going to come here and I'm going to show you let's just go to students and you can see this
is the students and we have this so let's add one more and I'm going to add English math and science.
I'm just going to add match right here and the math is also the period off students.
OK.
And I'm going to hit publish right now.
And now here let's add one more.
So in here I want to add science.
Ok so now here this is a parent off students and I'm going to hit publish right now.
So let's see if I just open this up.
OK.
If I just open up the forum off students.
Ok then here the students can basically go into English the math and the science to discuss their topics.
OK.
So I'm here.
I don't want any one to basically comment in here in this stop.
OK.
And here the student can just go ahead and just go to these forums and then they can interact with each
other.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to go to all forums right here.
OK.
And then I'm going to go to Edit Treyc here in this forum.
And I want to make it like status is closed so that no one can just comment in here in nothing ok.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to read first this
so you can see that no one can comment.
And here are refresh it.
This is closed right now.
OK.
I have closed it.
And only I can just post anything.
OK.
Only I can post anything.
No one else can boast anything if I just open up this link but this user.
So he's a student basically OK.
He resents this than he will see the forum totally same but you can see this forum students just close
to new topics and replies.
OK.
If I just open up the English then he can open up anything.
So he just say problem and question number 30.
OK.
And I'm just writing.
I just cannot fine the answer
off the novel page 30 please help OK.
So it is like this.
And then here this guy is going to just select this notify me.
Follow up replies by email.
And this guy is just going to go hit it and had something that you can see him and say Is this techie
back.
He has just thing problem in question of a 13 and I just can not find the answer off the novel.
Page 13 please help.
So anybody any of this any of the else and can discuss here.
And then he can reply to it.
So.
So like this if I just come here.
OK.
And I just you decide right now.
And then I go to the forum.
So I just go to dashboard and let's let's just open this up let's just open the students for them.
So I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm just going to go through all these.
You just posted something.
What does the things that are going on.
You can see OK I see that this is the topic that has been posted by this English.
So I'm just going to open this up OK and in here it is the question problem and question of maturity.
And it has won twice.
So one choice means that only one guy has asked a question.
And this would be to then this means that the other guy maybe has answered something.
So I'm just going to open this up right now.
OK.
And any here.
I'm just going to reply to him.
I'm just going to reply
please follow.
This link
and in here I want to encourage a link so the link is going to be there.
Let's suppose that I wanted I wanted the customer to student to be redirected to google.com.
OK.
I just entered it and I just enter it
Google and I just said this.
Please follow this link.
To get the answer.
OK.
And I'm going to add this.
And now here I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to submit so you can see that this is right here and now this is coming here and everything
is totally OK.
So now this guy will open up his like refreshed this and you and he will see a reply to it or you can
see a notification is here and it says you have Vondra applied to problem in question number 13 from
the NZL.
So it's deal is let's suppose he's a teacher.
He's the key master.
OK so let's suppose that he is the teacher.
So I'm I'm just going to reply.
Thank you so much sir.
Thank you so much.
OK.
I'm just going to reply here.
On crooking reply it's a reply to a question problem so I was going to add thank you
so much.
It helped a lot.
OK.
So this is what I mean I'm just going to go hit and I'm going to hit submit.
So you can see that I have replied to it.
He's the author.
He's the participant.
And it.
Thank you so much.
It helped a lot.
And I can even edited if I wanted to I can even favorite it.
I can.
And once I'm done with this what I'm going to do right now I am just saying that OK this problem is
solved.
So I don't want to get any more replies.
If anyone want if anyone replies to it I don't want to get any of the e-mail.
I don't want to get any of the notification but I'm going to do.
I'm just going to click here and I'm going to unsubscribe.
Ok I'm done.
Totally cool.
OK.
And this is done very.
I can see this post is totally done so because I have got the answer and this guy has said me that I
need to open up the Google dot com to get the answer.
So now this guy has called me that.
Thank you so much.
His problem has been solved.
OK so I'm just gonna come here you can see no new notifications because I haven't subscribed to it.
OK if I just go to forums I just go to forums.
All students in here.
OK and then I open up the sick and see it has three posts right here and then I open this up.
It can see that I haven't subscribed in here to this forum.
I can see I have to subtribe it to get more sales or so sorry to get more replies or to get more notifications.
You can see that once this guy say's dead.
Thank you so much sir.
It helped a lot.
So what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to go ahead and I am going to just close it.
So unclogging close.
While this means that this is now done no one can reply to it if I just come here and I just open this
up
and see the topic problem is closed to new replies because this problem is solved.
And now no one can reply to it you can see this essay is to say is thank you so much sir.
This is the question.
This is the title and everything.
And this is out of luck so this works pretty well.
Is this social networking website where it's so amazing.
And now I can see this is totally done.
So now we are a bit done Vidar so of their forums.
Ok now I'm going to show you how this decie works.
How does that work that we say.
That's the superstate.
So now guys we're going to be talking about dead super sticky and sticky.
OK so super sticky and sticky means that if you want to add any of the topic into the top section then
you can add that.
So let's suppose that in English I want to add a topic.
And inside the English I want to add a topic and I want to make it sticky.
That means the English so that like if I want if I if there is a news in English like
English teacher will be absent tomorrow.
So.
So let's suppose that there isn't Neela's.
OK this is the news and this is so much important news and everyone should be listening to that.
OK so I'm just going to enter this and that topic type is going to be sticky so this will be like it
will come to the top of this every post so there will be so much questions posted by so many people
and this would be English teacher is absent.
Tomorrow your class will be like blah blah blah blah.
OK so this is right here.
And no one can just basically reply to it.
This is this is just so important that this will come on top.
But no one will reply to it.
You can see this topic and your replies has won and was lost a bit by NZL.
So if we just go to English right now and you can see this is right here OK.
So is this if I just come here and let me just open it up and let me just make it to open.
OK so let's just go back to
this English so you can see it's easy.
English teacher will be absent tomorrow.
And this is basically coming on top.
So if anyone post anything here.
So let's suppose that this guy a techie back has a problem again.
OK he just goes to students right now.
OK and then he say's OK English is right here and we have two topics so he just come here and he sees
OK he says OK English and English teacher will be absent tomorrow.
OK
I need the cell number off.
English teacher.
OK and here I want to add something so please give me the cell number answer.
And here I'm going to mention Dinsdale.
OK.
I'm going to come here and I'm just going to hit notify me for a follow up to my emails and is going
to hit submit OK.
You can see I have mentioned the sir can see her here and say please give me the cell number certain
zeal.
OK.
And he's the author.
He's posted this and if someone goes to English right here you can see Dicky will be still and so because
this is the news OK the news is coming still on top and these then these are coming already here.
And if I just go to students right here then you can see nothing is coming here.
OK.
This is the topic of the English.
That is why this is coming right here.
But if you go to English then here we have this sticky one that is coming in from I'm to make it viewable
to all this coming here like this.
If I'm on just like if school is closed then I want to make it visible to hear that if anybody goes
to says well he should be seeing dad.
So that.
Dan I want to make that super sticky.
What I'm going to do.
I'm just going to go to English right now.
I'm going to click here and then going to and then I be ch
Let's go back to like this and let's open this up
OK.
It says that this is not available.
OK so this is by this guy.
So I'm just going to open this up
open my site right now and I'm going to open this up so you can see and reply to English teachers so
you can see this is by me.
And this is no one can reply to it but this has one voice and this is just a super sticky and this is
like this so if I just open this up at a topic then I can see this is sticky and this is also open.
I can even make it like closed.
I can even make it trash.
I can make it spending or something like that if I just make it super sticky guys.
Then let's see what will happen.
OK.
I just come here and I just make it super sticky and I just open this up in the Internet Explorer and
I just go to students.
Then you can see here is the topic that is coming here and that is English teacher will be absent tomorrow.
This is coming right here.
If I just open up my notes this is coming right here.
OK.
And if I just open up anything this will come there OK.
If I just open up signs you can see this is still coming here.
So this is like if I want to make a news about hold school that I can just enter and use like if I just
like school will be closed tomorrow.
OK.
And then I go ahead and I just sit there all day because this is super sticky so that is is very very
important and everybody should know that school is closed.
So then it will appear on all of the forms.
If I just come here you can see it is not appearing in this student's forum but if you just go inside
the students and see that it is coming right here this is the most important news.
This is coming right here.
And ever just come here and you can see that you have a reply from Question number problem English imagery
from the NZL.
So this is coming right here as well.
OK.
What I'm going to do right now I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to open up this right now and
I'm going to open this topic so I'm doing this you can see Taqi he mention you just going to open this
up but I'm going to see very he has mentioned me please give me the cell number certain deal.
Peggy started the topic.
I need the cell number of English teacher in the form English.
I'm just going to open this for him.
OK.
And I'm going to be like OK he needs a cell member and he's going to enter.
Here is the cell number.
OK.
And then enter your plus one two three four or five six seven eight and 10.
And then I'm going to hit submit.
So you can see he has this right now and then I will just come here.
OK.
And I just refresh this you'll see this is right here it takes you have one you reply to I need the
cell number of English teacher from the deal.
OK.
So here it is.
Here is a cell number and I'm going to say thank you so much.
Acton's feel OK.
I'm going to go down and I'm going to hit submit.
So you can see this is how it.
Very timid very.
So amazing this forum is working like this.
We have the notifications as well.
So you can just build and have them ask for your students.
I'm just giving you an example like if you want to build an element for our students where students
can interact with each other then you can just go ahead with that.
And this is like school will be closed tomorrow.
So this is how it was working.
And so now we're totally done with the understanding basic understanding of forums that how forums work
how can we just build forums how can people just interact with each other and how can this day go on.
So now the next video will be working over the social networking website for how people can just interact
with each other and learn how to design this website.
This is also important.
And then we'll move forward.
So stadium guys and Bebai.